Add RateLimit and APIGateway autogenerated crd documentation (#2395)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/ratelimit/04-10-ratelimit-custom-resource.md

| **buckets** <br /> [BucketConfig](#bucketconfig) array | Specifies a list of additional rate limit buckets for requests. Each bucket must specify either a path or headers.<br />For each request matching the bucket's criteria, a single token is consumed. If a token is available, the request is allowed.<br />If no tokens are available, the request is rejected with status code `429`. | Optional |

### RateLimit

RateLimit is the Schema for reate limits API.

| Field | Description | Validation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **apiVersion** <br /> string | `gateway.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1` | Optional |
| **kind** <br /> string | `RateLimit` | Optional |
| **metadata** <br /> [ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.33/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | For more information on the metadata fields, see Kubernetes API documentation. | Optional |
| **spec** <br /> [RateLimitSpec](#ratelimitspec) | Defines the desired state of the RateLimit custom resource. | Optional |

> | **status** <br /> [RateLimitStatus](#ratelimitstatus) | Defines the current state of the RateLimit custom resource. | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **status** <br /> [RateLimitStatus](#ratelimitstatus) | Defines the current state of the RateLimit CR. | Optional |
```
